---
layout: post
category: BlogPosts
title: Back in it
---

A bunch of big life moves occurred in the past few months and my attention to this site kind of fell off the wayside but I'm back in it now.

There are a few things I want to write about starting with Lotto. The big question is what happened?

I have good and bad news

Good news: It's done! You can find an article I wrote up on it [here](https://brianbigdelle.medium.com/the-ethereum-lottery-project-b7aa22587c77).

[Website Here](TheLottoProject.com)

Bad News: To borrow a Product Management term, it's very much MVP, or minimum viable product right now. It's not truly random and while it kills me to say this, you shouldnt use it. To get from MVP to a Beta, I need to make the randomness work which is more difficult than it sounds. There are randomness as a service platforms like Chainlink but theyre expensive and honestly impractical.

I got on a call with Chainlinks dev and sales team. RAAS (Randomness as a service) works as a credit system. You as the function caller pay Chainlink a flat fee of around $50 to use randomness. Chainlink then takes this money and refunds you the amount they didnt spend in gas fees. It's like getting a tax return every month. For my project it's not practical and I don't have any interest in collecting Chainlink credits and giving them out. There might be another way to get pretty good randomness but I need to think about it long and hard.

Aside from that, the big life moves are that I'm at a new stage in my career that I've been trying to reach for a while now. I will write something up on that later.

It's been a while but I'm back and I'm looking forward to getting back into this.