---
layout: post
title: Jan, 17, 2021
category: DailyUpdates
---

# The Week in Review

This week was instrumental, I accomplished the following:

<center><b>This Site </b></center>

- Set up this site with jekyll.
- Added multiple categories.
- Integrated in Google Analytics.
- "Learned" markdown.

<center><b> DApp Business Portion </b></center>
- Wrote Business Plan:
	- Product Requirements Document.
	- Lean Business Plan.
	- Product Features Document.
- Wrote Technical Packet:
	- Technical Requirements Document.
		- Refined heavily to reflect research into ERC20 vs ERC1155 compliance.
		- Decided on path to rely on 0x protocol.
	- Investor Presentation.

<center><b> DApp Development </b></center>
- Put out job offers on Upwork, Reddit r/ethdev.
	- Reviewed resumes, proposals and had phone calls.
	- This is ongoing, more phone calls over the coming days.
- Had conversations with some promising devs on LinkedIn.
- Set up search on Toptal.

## Main Push for next week
I need to find a dev. This is Priority 1. I have some phone calls scheduled. I'm giving myself 2 weeks to find someone, I'm still learning how to actually hire.

Some possible paths are to use my Cornell and JHU alumni networks, LinkedIn, Ethereum hiring web boards.

## Final Thoughts
This is the furthest that I've gotten in any of my ideas. I quote it all the time but it really was invaluable, shoutout to Ryan Shank and his [blog post](https://medium.com/the-pioneers/how-i-built-and-launched-a-saas-company-for-less-than-40k-dd2775ce6bb1). I need to send him a thank you email or tweet at him.

I spent a year thinking about this idea, so the technical requirements and business plan kind of wrote themselves. I was worried initially that this felt "too easy", but I'm trying to objectively look at what I wrote and I don't see anything wrong with it. I wrote up an "Investor Presentation" as a visual aid to give all of my project overviews to. It is a high level, cursory, overview that is intended to be able to present to the business-types as well as developers. I don't think that I will ever be in the scenario to ask for funding for this idea but who knows, and worst case scenario it provides me a ready presentation for showing friends and developers the vision.

I like this format of daily updates followed by an end of week summary. It keeps me honest and motivated. I think that as the work shifts from me to a developer, I'll flow into a PM position and my job will be to manage without micromanaging and most of my time will probably be spent reviewing code to see where we are at, understanding/anticipating roadblocks and making sure that the financials are correct.

Anyway that's it, that's the week, onward we go.







